Add Table Kind Collection View Documentation (#8043)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 17/umbraco-cms/extend-your-project/backoffice-extensions/extending-overview/extension-types/collections/collection-view/custom.md

@customElement('my-collection-view')
export class MyCollectionViewElement extends UmbCollectionViewElementBase {

    override render() {
        if (this._loading) return nothing;
        return html`
            <ul>
                ${this._items.map((item) => this.#renderItem(item))}
            </ul>
        `;
    }

    #renderItem(item: UmbCollectionItemModel) {
        const href = item.unique ? this._itemHrefs.get(item.unique) : undefined;
        const selectable = this._isSelectableItem(item);
        const selected = this._isSelectedItem(item.unique);

        return html`
            <li>
                ${selectable
                    ? html`<input
                            type="checkbox"
                            .checked=${selected}
                            @change=${() => selected
                                ? this._deselectItem(item.unique)
                                : this._selectItem(item.unique)}/>`
                    : nothing}
                ${href && !this._selectOnly
                    ? html`<a href=${href}>${item.name}</a>`
                    : html`<span>${item.name}</span>`}

>                 <umb-entity-actions-bundle></umb-entity-actions-bundle>

Reviewer: Is this OK without attributes? I just see in the source we generally have a `slot="actions"` and an `entityType` and `unique` property binding.

Author: Good catch! We have actually removed support for passing attributes. I have updated the custom view example to correctly implement support for entity actions.

## Implementation

Implement the Collection View as a Lit element that extends `UmbCollectionViewElementBase`. The base class provides the collection items via `_items`, handles selection state, and exposes helper methods such as `_isSelectableItem` and `_isSelectedItem`. Override `render()` to define how the collection is displayed.

> Split the view into two elements: a view element that handles the layout and delegates item rendering to a dedicated item element.

Reviewer 2: I had a difficult time figuring out what the two elements were, so I suggest rewriting this into a short list:

```suggestion
Split the view into two elements:

* A **view element** that handles the overall layout.
* An **item element** that handles rendering individual items delegated to it by the view element.
```
